README.md, before:

# Arcade Game Project #4
#### Udacity's Google Developer Challenger Scholarship - Front End Web Development

[![N|Solid](https://www.stoddard.consulting/images/logos/Udacity_logo_small.png)](https://www.stoddard.consulting/images/logos/Udacity_logo_small.png)

### Summary
***
This arcade game is a version of the classic Frogger game that tests the player's ability to cross a road and reach the other side of the margin while avoiding random moving enemies. In this particular Arcade Game project, there are 3 enemy rows in which the enemies show up in random velocities. Game ends when player reaches the water side.
A game powered by OOJS+Canvas♥!

### Goal
***
This project aims to test each student's ability to implement Object Oriented Javascript and Canvas knowledge by using some ready-made functions, non-interactive html/css files and coding a fully interactive Arcade Game app.

#### Project specifications
***
##### Game Functions
###### >> Error Free
  - Player can not move off screen
  - Vehicles cross the screen
  - Vehicle-player collisions happen logically (not too early or too late)
  - Vehicle-player collision resets the game
  - Something happens when player wins

##### Object-Oriented Code
###### >> Object-Oriented Code
- Game objects (player and vehicles) are implemented using JavaScript object-oriented programming features.

##### Documentation
###### >> README
 - A README file is included detailing the game and all dependencies.
###### >> Comments
 - Comments are present and effectively explain longer code procedure when necessary.
###### >> Code Quality
 - Code is formatted with consistent, logical, and easy-to-read formatting as described in the [Udacity JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html).

#### Play the game
***
To play the game please follow this link >> [https://negmah.github.io/Arcade-Game/](https://negmah.github.io/Arcade-Game/)

![N|Solid](http://res.cloudinary.com/negmah/image/upload/v1531404574/arcade-game-thumb.png)

***

Commit message:

updated README with instructions on how to play locally

README.md, after:

﻿# Arcade Game Project #4
#### Udacity's Google Developer Challenger Scholarship - Front End Web Development

[![N|Solid](https://www.stoddard.consulting/images/logos/Udacity_logo_small.png)](https://www.stoddard.consulting/images/logos/Udacity_logo_small.png)

### Summary
***
This arcade game is a version of the classic Frogger game that tests the player's ability to cross a road and reach the other side of the margin while avoiding random moving enemies. In this particular Arcade Game project, there are 3 enemy rows in which the enemies show up in random velocities. Game ends when player reaches the water side.
A game powered by OOJS+Canvas♥!

### Goal
***
This project aims to test each student's ability to implement Object Oriented Javascript and Canvas knowledge by using some ready-made functions, non-interactive html/css files and coding a fully interactive Arcade Game app.

#### Project specifications
***
##### Game Functions
###### >> Error Free
  - Player can not move off screen
  - Vehicles cross the screen
  - Vehicle-player collisions happen logically (not too early or too late)
  - Vehicle-player collision resets the game
  - Something happens when player wins

##### Object-Oriented Code
###### >> Object-Oriented Code
- Game objects (player and vehicles) are implemented using JavaScript object-oriented programming features.

##### Documentation
###### >> README
 - A README file is included detailing the game and all dependencies.
###### >> Comments
 - Comments are present and effectively explain longer code procedure when necessary.
###### >> Code Quality
 - Code is formatted with consistent, logical, and easy-to-read formatting as described in the [Udacity JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html).

#### Play the game
***
To play the game online - please follow this link >> [https://negmah.github.io/Arcade-Game/](https://negmah.github.io/Arcade-Game/)
To play locally - clone this project using $ git clone https://github.com/Negmah/Arcade-Game.git and open the index.html file in your browser.


![N|Solid](http://res.cloudinary.com/negmah/image/upload/v1531404574/arcade-game-thumb.png)

***
